Document using alternative Sanity project/dataset (#1159)
microbit-foundation/python-editor-v3: docs/tech-overview.md

## The sidebar and educational content

The Reference and Ideas sidebar tabs show educational content that is managed in the Micro:bit Educational Foundation's content management system (Sanity CMS). This content is not Open Source. The content is sourced live from the CMS APIs. It will work for local development but non-Foundation deployments will see CORS errors.

You can substitute your own content by setting `VITE_SANITY_PROJECT` and `VITE_SANITY_DATASET` environment variables, overriding the defaults in `.env`. The schemas we use for Sanity CMS are [packaged as a plugin in this GitHub project](https://github.com/microbit-foundation/sanity-plugin-python-editor-v3/).

> We also plan to explore adding Markdown documentation support as an alternative to Sanity CMS. You can follow the discussion [on this GitHub issue](PENDING).

Author: Needs new issue.

> We also plan to explore adding Markdown documentation support as an alternative to Sanity CMS. You can follow the discussion [on this GitHub issue](PENDING).

Author: ```suggestion
We also plan to explore adding Markdown documentation support as an alternative to Sanity CMS. You can follow the discussion on #1160.
```
